README.md, before:

# Awesome Podcast Episodes [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

This is a curated list of some of the most informational and helpful podcast episodes I have listened to as a developer. The goal of this list is to provide a good place for developers to find a podcast episode on a particular topic of their interest instead of checking out a long list of episodes on individual podcasts.

This list contains podcast episodes for beginners as well advanced developers. It also has episodes about salary negotiations, work-life balance and other, day to day topics of developer life.

If you want to get a list of all the available podcast shows out there, you can find them [here](https://github.com/guipdutra/awesome-geek-podcasts). For more awesomeness, check out [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome).

Contributions are more than welcome, make sure to read the [Contributions Guideline](contributing.md). If you have any suggestions/criticism for the list, feel free to create an issue here or you can also reach me out over [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vishwajeets3)

## Contents

- [JavaScript](#javascript)
  - [React](#react)
- [CSS](#css)
- [General Web Development Topics](#general-web-development-topics)
- [Advice for developers](#advice-for-developers)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## JavaScript

- [Learning and Developing JavaScript](https://javascriptair.com/episodes/2015-12-16/) - Discussion about learning as well as teaching javascript to beginners.
- [“You Learned JavaScript, Now What?” with Chris Heilmann](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-332-you-learned-javascript-now-what-with-chris-heilmann) - Chris talks in detail about how to help newbies feel more welcome in the community, helping junior developers and javascript ecosystem in general.
- [Babel with Henry Zhu (Creator of Babel)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/06/21/babel-with-henry-zhu/) - Henry talks about creating Babel, its future, creating babel plugins. He also talked about leaving his job for doing open source full time and problems faced by open source maintainers.
- [JavaScript Tooling](https://syntax.fm/show/004/javascript-tooling) - Discussion on modern-day javascript tooling, ESLint, prettier, babel, webpack and others.
- [NPM with Laurie Voss (CTO, npm)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/02/14/npm-with-laurie-voss/) - Laurie talks about Node, NPM, importance of package managers, what npm can do and NPM as a company.
- [A flight of JavaScript frameworks](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/a-flight-of-javascript-frameworks/) - Panel talks about all the popular javascript frameworks used by developers in the past and present and their experiences with working with them.

### React

- [The React Episode](https://syntax.fm/show/066/the-react-episode) - In-depth explanation of important concepts in React such as state, props, lifecycle methods and more.
- [Inside React with Sophie Alpert (Engineering Manager, React)](https://reactpodcast.simplecast.fm/11) - Sophie talks about her first contributions to React, working of react core team and some of the internal workings of react.
- [Gatsby and GraphQL with Kurt Kemple](https://reactpodcast.simplecast.fm/13) - Discussion about GraphQL, Gatsby, future of these technologies. Kurt also talks about his past life and how being a programmer significantly improved his life.
- [React and Electron with James Long](https://reactpodcast.simplecast.fm/7) - James, author of prettier, talks about his working with React, creating desktop applications using Electron.
- [Redux and React with Dan Abramov](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/179-jsj-redux-and-react-with-dan-abramov/) - Dan talks about how he created Redux, its use cases, hot reloading vs live reloading, and other things related to React ecosystem.
- [React with Pete Hunt and Jordan Walke](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/073-jsj-react-with-pete-hunt-and-jordan-walke/) - In-depth discussion about the core concepts and features in React from the early days.
- [React Router, Flux, and Web Debates with Michael Jackson](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/09/16/react-router-flux-and-web-debates-with-michael-jackson/) - What is a Router, why react router, flux architecture and how it works with React, web deabates on web componenets, react native.
- [React Hooks](https://syntax.fm/show/092/react-hooks) - What are react hooks, what problems are they solving, detail discussion on useful hooks such as useEffect, useState, etc.

## CSS

- [All About CSS BEM!](https://syntax.fm/show/024/all-about-css-bem) - A short discussion about CSS BEM naming convention and its usage in large projects.
- [CSS in JS](https://syntax.fm/show/010/css-in-js-drama-free) - Discussion about using CSS inside JavaScript, its pros/cons and different libraries to do so.
- [CSS Grids: The Future of Frontend Layout with Dave Geddes](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-301-css-grids-future-frontend-layout-dave-geddes/) - Features of CSS Grids, differences from Flexbox, compatibility with Flexbox, gamification based learning.

## Other Web Development Topics

- [WebAssembly with Lin Clark](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/07/20/webassembly-with-lin-clark/) - What is WebAssembly, how it's going to affect the future of web development, its implementation, performance compared to JavaScript-driven web and other advantages of WebAssembly.
- [Serverless Framework with Austen Collins](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/06/09/serverless-framework-austen-collins/) - Diving into Serverless architecture, AWS ecosystem and AWS lambda.
- [All about Microservices with Netflix Team](https://a16z.com/2016/09/01/microservices/) - Discussion with the Netflix team about how they changed monolith architecture to microservice based architecture.
- [GraphQL? Here is what you need to know!](https://syntax.fm/show/027/graphql-here-is-what-you-need-to-know) - What is GraphQL? Differences from REST, Relay, Apollo, and other core concepts of GraphQL.
- [TypeScript with Anders Hejlsberg (Author of TypeScript)](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/209-jsj-typescript-with-anders-hejlsberg/) - Anders talks about what is typescript, reason for creating it and challenges of creating a programming language.
- [Whats the deal with npm, yarn and lock files?](https://syntax.fm/show/061/hasty-treat-whats-the-deal-with-npm-yarn-and-lock-files) - Short but informative epsiode about what is npm, yarn, their differences, lock files and how they work in developing applications.

## Advice for developers

- [Advice For Beginners - Tech Skills, Applying for Jobs, Focus, Imposter Syndrome + More](https://syntax.fm/show/058/advice-for-beginners-tech-skills-applying-for-jobs-focus-imposter-syndrome-more) - Helpful advice for beginner developers from tech skills, imposter syndrome, finding jobs and more.
- [What Software Developers (and Therefore Every Company) Need](https://a16z.com/2016/01/06/a16z-podcast-what-software-developers-and-therefore-every-company-need-2/) - Founders and CEO's of GitHub, Twilio and Digital Ocean talks about developer ecosystems, the needs of software developers, developer tools and more.
- [Marketing for Developers](https://syntax.fm/show/052/marketing-for-developers) - Discussion about creating a personal brand as a developer. Wesbos and Scott talk about their marketing strategies for their businesses.
- [Getting better offers as an engineer (salary negotiations and more)](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/ninja-rockstar-whiskey-drinker-with-10-years-ipa-experience/) - Salary negotiations during job interviews, how to get better at it and how to approach these topics.
- [Interview experiences of Frontend Developers](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/interviews-make-us-drink/) - Panel from Netflix, Evernote and LinkedIn engineers talk about their worst and best interview experiences.
- [Experience in Big Companies vs Startups](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/shots-to-growlers-finding-the-right-size-drink/) - Discussion about working as a developer in Big companies vs Startups from learning, finances to work-life balance.
- [Role of Mentors in growth of developer career](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/from-bar-back-to-frontender/) - Discussion about Role of mentors in a career of a developer to reach from junior to senior level positions.
- [Work life balance for developers](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/work-hard-drink-hard/) - Discussion about work-life balance for developers and prevention of burnouts.
- [Transition from Mid to Senior Level Developer](https://spec.fm/podcasts/developer-tea/36962) - Discussion about how to transision from Mid to Senior level Developer.
- [From coding bootcamp to software engineer at Asana](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/bootcamp-to-engineer-with-joshua-penman/) - Bootcamp grad Josh, talks about how he did his career change into software development and getting a job at Asana, along with his interview experiences along the process.
- [How to rock your technical interview](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/technical-interviews-with-parker-phinney/) - Founder of Interview Cake talks about how to excel in a technical interview (particularly about algorithmic interviews).
- [Different Tech Careers with CPO of Treehouse](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/tech-careers/) - CPO of Treehouse talks about various career opportunities in tech besides software development.
- [How do tech companies read your resume?](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/how-to-tech-companies-read-your-resume) - Discussion with a Recruiter about how companies scan the resumes and how to stand out.
- [What happens in a technical interview?](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/what-happens-in-a-technical-interview) - Deep dive on a technical interview for large software companies.
- [Why you should focus on fundamentals first](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/fundamentals-first-with-chris-lee/) - Discussion about the importance of learning fundamental principles and how to master them.
- [Finding a Job Even If You’re Not a Senior Developer](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-285-finding-job-even-youre-not-senior-developer-charles-max-wood/) - Detailed discussion about what potential employers look for in a developer, presenting your skills in a resume, reaching out to companies and many other helpful topics for developers looking for their first jobs.
- [Hiring Engineers with Ammon Bartram, Co-founder of Triplebyte](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/12/23/hiring-engineers-with-ammon-bartram/) - Ammon talks about problems in hiring good engineers, what growing YCombinator companies look for in a engineer, how triplebyte helps engineers to find a job in YC companies.

## Miscellaneous

- [State of Programming with Jeff Atwood](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/03/14/state-programming-jeff-atwood/) - Jeff talks about Atwood's law, JavaScript frameworks, docker and his learnings from building StackOverflow and Discourse.
- [Airbnb Engineering with Surabhi Gupta](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/10/08/airbnb-engineering-with-surabhi-gupta/) - Surabhi talks about the engineering infrastructure inside Airbnb. Her experience from Google search and how different Airbnb search vs Google search.
- [DEV Community with Ben Halpern (CEO, dev.to)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/09/17/dev-community-with-ben-halpern/) - Ben talks about his motivation to start Dev community, running an open source business and his thoughts on open source social media networks.
- [Free Code Camp with Quincy Larson](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/10/28/free-code-camp-with-quincy-larson/) - Quincy talks about why he started Free Code Camp, his coding journey, paid vs free bootcamp and all things Free Code Camp.
- [The End (and Beginning) of Programming (from code to data)](https://a16z.com/2018/06/08/end-of-programming-from-code-to-data/) - Discussion on the future of programming and how data is becoming more important than the code itself.
- [Netflix, Microsoft, Evernote engineer answers to Listener AMA](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/amazing-manhattans-anywhere/) - Answers to Linstner questions by Frontend Happy Hour panelists.
- [Ethics in tech from CEO of FogCreek](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/from-tech-blogger-to-fog-creek-ceo) - Anil talks about the importance of ethics in technology, his personal journey in the world of software. Creating companies such as Trello, StackOverflow, Glitch etc as part of FogCreek.
- [The JavaScript First Responder with Wesbos](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/the-javascript-first-responder) - Wesbos discusses his business, how he learns, creating courses, community engagements and web development community.
- [Interview with VP of Engineering at Reddit](https://breakingintostartups.com/68-nick-caldwell-vp-engineering-reddit/) - Nick talks about his personal journey to become VP of engineering at reddit, engineering challenges at reddit and day to day work of VP of engineering at reddit.
- [Google JavaScript and AMP](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/10/22/google-javascript-with-malte-ubl/) - Malte talks about the huge JavaScript infrastructure inside google, internal frameworks and more. He also talks in detail about the working of AMP project.
- [Open Source at Facebook](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2017/04/14/facebook-open-source-with-tom-occhino/) - Discussion about open source projects at Facebook. How Facebook decides to make a project open source and success of React.
- [The Past, Present, and Future of Open Source](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/04/08/past-present-future-open-source/) - In this short episode, Nadia talks about origins of open source software, its journey till present days and future of open source.
- [Productivity at Work](https://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/a-mixologists-tools/) - Discussion about being productive at work, tools to use for it, how to find the zone of productivity and more things surrounding this topic.

Commit message:

added js array methods episode

README.md, after:

# Awesome Podcast Episodes [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

This is a curated list of some of the most informational and helpful podcast episodes I have listened to as a developer. The goal of this list is to provide a good place for developers to find a podcast episode on a particular topic of their interest instead of checking out a long list of episodes on individual podcasts.

This list contains podcast episodes for beginners as well advanced developers. It also has episodes about salary negotiations, work-life balance and other, day to day topics of developer life.

If you want to get a list of all the available podcast shows out there, you can find them [here](https://github.com/guipdutra/awesome-geek-podcasts). For more awesomeness, check out [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome).

Contributions are more than welcome, make sure to read the [Contributions Guideline](contributing.md). If you have any suggestions/criticism for the list, feel free to create an issue here or you can also reach me out over [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vishwajeets3)

## Contents

- [JavaScript](#javascript)
  - [React](#react)
- [CSS](#css)
- [General Web Development Topics](#general-web-development-topics)
- [Advice for developers](#advice-for-developers)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

## JavaScript

- [Learning and Developing JavaScript](https://javascriptair.com/episodes/2015-12-16/) - Discussion about learning as well as teaching javascript to beginners.
- [“You Learned JavaScript, Now What?” with Chris Heilmann](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-332-you-learned-javascript-now-what-with-chris-heilmann) - Chris talks in detail about how to help newbies feel more welcome in the community, helping junior developers and javascript ecosystem in general.
- [Babel with Henry Zhu (Creator of Babel)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/06/21/babel-with-henry-zhu/) - Henry talks about creating Babel, its future, creating babel plugins. He also talked about leaving his job for doing open source full time and problems faced by open source maintainers.
- [JavaScript Tooling](https://syntax.fm/show/004/javascript-tooling) - Discussion on modern-day javascript tooling, ESLint, prettier, babel, webpack and others.
- [NPM with Laurie Voss (CTO, npm)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/02/14/npm-with-laurie-voss/) - Laurie talks about Node, NPM, importance of package managers, what npm can do and NPM as a company.
- [A flight of JavaScript frameworks](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/a-flight-of-javascript-frameworks/) - Panel talks about all the popular javascript frameworks used by developers in the past and present and their experiences with working with them.
- [20 JavaScript Array and Object Methods to make you a better developer](https://syntax.fm/show/043/20-javascript-array-and-object-methods-to-make-you-a-better-developer) - Explaination of various useful Array and object methods.

### React

- [The React Episode](https://syntax.fm/show/066/the-react-episode) - In-depth explanation of important concepts in React such as state, props, lifecycle methods and more.
- [Inside React with Sophie Alpert (Engineering Manager, React)](https://reactpodcast.simplecast.fm/11) - Sophie talks about her first contributions to React, working of react core team and some of the internal workings of react.
- [Gatsby and GraphQL with Kurt Kemple](https://reactpodcast.simplecast.fm/13) - Discussion about GraphQL, Gatsby, future of these technologies. Kurt also talks about his past life and how being a programmer significantly improved his life.
- [React and Electron with James Long](https://reactpodcast.simplecast.fm/7) - James, author of prettier, talks about his working with React, creating desktop applications using Electron.
- [Redux and React with Dan Abramov](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/179-jsj-redux-and-react-with-dan-abramov/) - Dan talks about how he created Redux, its use cases, hot reloading vs live reloading, and other things related to React ecosystem.
- [React with Pete Hunt and Jordan Walke](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/073-jsj-react-with-pete-hunt-and-jordan-walke/) - In-depth discussion about the core concepts and features in React from the early days.
- [React Router, Flux, and Web Debates with Michael Jackson](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/09/16/react-router-flux-and-web-debates-with-michael-jackson/) - What is a Router, why react router, flux architecture and how it works with React, web deabates on web componenets, react native.
- [React Hooks](https://syntax.fm/show/092/react-hooks) - What are react hooks, what problems are they solving, detail discussion on useful hooks such as useEffect, useState, etc.

## CSS

- [All About CSS BEM!](https://syntax.fm/show/024/all-about-css-bem) - A short discussion about CSS BEM naming convention and its usage in large projects.
- [CSS in JS](https://syntax.fm/show/010/css-in-js-drama-free) - Discussion about using CSS inside JavaScript, its pros/cons and different libraries to do so.
- [CSS Grids: The Future of Frontend Layout with Dave Geddes](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-301-css-grids-future-frontend-layout-dave-geddes/) - Features of CSS Grids, differences from Flexbox, compatibility with Flexbox, gamification based learning.

## Other Web Development Topics

- [WebAssembly with Lin Clark](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/07/20/webassembly-with-lin-clark/) - What is WebAssembly, how it's going to affect the future of web development, its implementation, performance compared to JavaScript-driven web and other advantages of WebAssembly.
- [Serverless Framework with Austen Collins](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/06/09/serverless-framework-austen-collins/) - Diving into Serverless architecture, AWS ecosystem and AWS lambda.
- [All about Microservices with Netflix Team](https://a16z.com/2016/09/01/microservices/) - Discussion with the Netflix team about how they changed monolith architecture to microservice based architecture.
- [GraphQL? Here is what you need to know!](https://syntax.fm/show/027/graphql-here-is-what-you-need-to-know) - What is GraphQL? Differences from REST, Relay, Apollo, and other core concepts of GraphQL.
- [TypeScript with Anders Hejlsberg (Author of TypeScript)](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/209-jsj-typescript-with-anders-hejlsberg/) - Anders talks about what is typescript, reason for creating it and challenges of creating a programming language.
- [Whats the deal with npm, yarn and lock files?](https://syntax.fm/show/061/hasty-treat-whats-the-deal-with-npm-yarn-and-lock-files) - Short but informative epsiode about what is npm, yarn, their differences, lock files and how they work in developing applications.

## Advice for developers

- [Advice For Beginners - Tech Skills, Applying for Jobs, Focus, Imposter Syndrome + More](https://syntax.fm/show/058/advice-for-beginners-tech-skills-applying-for-jobs-focus-imposter-syndrome-more) - Helpful advice for beginner developers from tech skills, imposter syndrome, finding jobs and more.
- [What Software Developers (and Therefore Every Company) Need](https://a16z.com/2016/01/06/a16z-podcast-what-software-developers-and-therefore-every-company-need-2/) - Founders and CEO's of GitHub, Twilio and Digital Ocean talks about developer ecosystems, the needs of software developers, developer tools and more.
- [Marketing for Developers](https://syntax.fm/show/052/marketing-for-developers) - Discussion about creating a personal brand as a developer. Wesbos and Scott talk about their marketing strategies for their businesses.
- [Getting better offers as an engineer (salary negotiations and more)](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/ninja-rockstar-whiskey-drinker-with-10-years-ipa-experience/) - Salary negotiations during job interviews, how to get better at it and how to approach these topics.
- [Interview experiences of Frontend Developers](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/interviews-make-us-drink/) - Panel from Netflix, Evernote and LinkedIn engineers talk about their worst and best interview experiences.
- [Experience in Big Companies vs Startups](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/shots-to-growlers-finding-the-right-size-drink/) - Discussion about working as a developer in Big companies vs Startups from learning, finances to work-life balance.
- [Role of Mentors in growth of developer career](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/from-bar-back-to-frontender/) - Discussion about Role of mentors in a career of a developer to reach from junior to senior level positions.
- [Work life balance for developers](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/work-hard-drink-hard/) - Discussion about work-life balance for developers and prevention of burnouts.
- [Transition from Mid to Senior Level Developer](https://spec.fm/podcasts/developer-tea/36962) - Discussion about how to transision from Mid to Senior level Developer.
- [From coding bootcamp to software engineer at Asana](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/bootcamp-to-engineer-with-joshua-penman/) - Bootcamp grad Josh, talks about how he did his career change into software development and getting a job at Asana, along with his interview experiences along the process.
- [How to rock your technical interview](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/technical-interviews-with-parker-phinney/) - Founder of Interview Cake talks about how to excel in a technical interview (particularly about algorithmic interviews).
- [Different Tech Careers with CPO of Treehouse](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/tech-careers/) - CPO of Treehouse talks about various career opportunities in tech besides software development.
- [How do tech companies read your resume?](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/how-to-tech-companies-read-your-resume) - Discussion with a Recruiter about how companies scan the resumes and how to stand out.
- [What happens in a technical interview?](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/what-happens-in-a-technical-interview) - Deep dive on a technical interview for large software companies.
- [Why you should focus on fundamentals first](https://learntocodewith.me/podcast/fundamentals-first-with-chris-lee/) - Discussion about the importance of learning fundamental principles and how to master them.
- [Finding a Job Even If You’re Not a Senior Developer](https://devchat.tv/js-jabber/jsj-285-finding-job-even-youre-not-senior-developer-charles-max-wood/) - Detailed discussion about what potential employers look for in a developer, presenting your skills in a resume, reaching out to companies and many other helpful topics for developers looking for their first jobs.
- [Hiring Engineers with Ammon Bartram, Co-founder of Triplebyte](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/12/23/hiring-engineers-with-ammon-bartram/) - Ammon talks about problems in hiring good engineers, what growing YCombinator companies look for in a engineer, how triplebyte helps engineers to find a job in YC companies.

## Miscellaneous

- [State of Programming with Jeff Atwood](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/03/14/state-programming-jeff-atwood/) - Jeff talks about Atwood's law, JavaScript frameworks, docker and his learnings from building StackOverflow and Discourse.
- [Airbnb Engineering with Surabhi Gupta](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/10/08/airbnb-engineering-with-surabhi-gupta/) - Surabhi talks about the engineering infrastructure inside Airbnb. Her experience from Google search and how different Airbnb search vs Google search.
- [DEV Community with Ben Halpern (CEO, dev.to)](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/09/17/dev-community-with-ben-halpern/) - Ben talks about his motivation to start Dev community, running an open source business and his thoughts on open source social media networks.
- [Free Code Camp with Quincy Larson](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2015/10/28/free-code-camp-with-quincy-larson/) - Quincy talks about why he started Free Code Camp, his coding journey, paid vs free bootcamp and all things Free Code Camp.
- [The End (and Beginning) of Programming (from code to data)](https://a16z.com/2018/06/08/end-of-programming-from-code-to-data/) - Discussion on the future of programming and how data is becoming more important than the code itself.
- [Netflix, Microsoft, Evernote engineer answers to Listener AMA](http://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/amazing-manhattans-anywhere/) - Answers to Linstner questions by Frontend Happy Hour panelists.
- [Ethics in tech from CEO of FogCreek](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/from-tech-blogger-to-fog-creek-ceo) - Anil talks about the importance of ethics in technology, his personal journey in the world of software. Creating companies such as Trello, StackOverflow, Glitch etc as part of FogCreek.
- [The JavaScript First Responder with Wesbos](https://www.codenewbie.org/podcast/the-javascript-first-responder) - Wesbos discusses his business, how he learns, creating courses, community engagements and web development community.
- [Interview with VP of Engineering at Reddit](https://breakingintostartups.com/68-nick-caldwell-vp-engineering-reddit/) - Nick talks about his personal journey to become VP of engineering at reddit, engineering challenges at reddit and day to day work of VP of engineering at reddit.
- [Google JavaScript and AMP](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2018/10/22/google-javascript-with-malte-ubl/) - Malte talks about the huge JavaScript infrastructure inside google, internal frameworks and more. He also talks in detail about the working of AMP project.
- [Open Source at Facebook](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2017/04/14/facebook-open-source-with-tom-occhino/) - Discussion about open source projects at Facebook. How Facebook decides to make a project open source and success of React.
- [The Past, Present, and Future of Open Source](https://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/04/08/past-present-future-open-source/) - In this short episode, Nadia talks about origins of open source software, its journey till present days and future of open source.
- [Productivity at Work](https://frontendhappyhour.com/episodes/a-mixologists-tools/) - Discussion about being productive at work, tools to use for it, how to find the zone of productivity and more things surrounding this topic.
